卒業！！！！！！！！！！！！ (#4)
Shinyaigeek/Shinyaigeek: README.md

- 🔥 web enthuasist
- ✨ Front-end dev skills
- ✨ web performance tuning skills in web front-end(Rendering, Loading, Cache stratagy)

> - 🎓 graduated University of Tokyo. majoring in nvironmental-engineering.

Author: ```suggestion
- 🎓 graduated University of Tokyo. majoring in environmental-engineering.
- 👨‍💻 working at News Paper Company
```
